Installed Packages
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.1-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
CharLS.x86_64                                        2.0.0-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
GConf2.x86_64                                        3.2.6-37.fc38                       @fedora                                             
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                1.3.40-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ImageMagick.x86_64                                   1:7.1.1.4-3.fc38                    @fedora                                             
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                              1:7.1.1.4-3.fc38                    @fedora                                             
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.21.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.20.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.20.6-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                    1.2.8-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64              1.2.8-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                        1:1.10.2-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                  1:1.10.2-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                           1:1.2.10-3.fc38                     @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.10-3.fc38                     @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                            1.2.12-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                      1.2.12-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                           1:1.2.8-3.fc38                      @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                     1:1.2.8-3.fc38                      @fedora                                             
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.42.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
ORBit2.x86_64                                        2.14.19-30.fc38                     @fedora                                             
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                   2.2.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                   2.4.8.1-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.6-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.6-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.6-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.6-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.6-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.26.3-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
SDL2_image.x86_64                                    2.6.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
SuperLU.x86_64                                       5.3.0-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.101-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  1.6.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
abrt.x86_64                                          2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.3.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                             2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                    20220623.1-4.fc38                   @fedora                                             
accountsservice.x86_64                               23.11.69-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          23.11.69-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230118-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230118-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-3.fc38                     @fedora                                             
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.030.1.050-14.fc38                 @fedora                                             
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-16.fc38                        @fedora                                             
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                   1.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
alembic-libs.x86_64                                  1.8.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.8-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2.2.4-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.8-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.8-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.22-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
anaconda.x86_64                                      38.23.4-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 38.23.4-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  38.23.4-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     38.23.4-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
anaconda-live.x86_64                                 38.23.4-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  38.23.4-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            26.2-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              38.23.4-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
annobin-docs.noarch                                  12.02-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                            12.02-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-9.1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20211224-9.fc38               @fedora                                             
antiword.x86_64                                      0.37-35.fc38                        @fedora                                             
appstream.x86_64                                     0.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
appstream-data.noarch                                38-3.fc38                           @fedora                                             
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
armadillo.x86_64                                     10.8.2-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
arpack.x86_64                                        3.8.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
at.x86_64                                            3.2.5-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.48.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.48.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
atk.x86_64                                           2.48.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.3-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
atmel-firmware.noarch                                1.3-29.fc38                         @fedora                                             
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
audit.x86_64                                         3.1-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.1-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
authselect.x86_64                                    1.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
autoconf.noarch                                      2.71-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
automake.noarch                                      1.16.5-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                            
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                            
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                            
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                            
avahi-tools.x86_64                                   0.8-22.fc38                         @updates                                            
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                  019-23.fc38                         @fedora                                             
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-30.fc38                         @fedora                                             
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.92-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
baobab.x86_64                                        44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
basesystem.noarch                                    11-15.fc38                          @fedora                                             
bash.x86_64                                          5.2.15-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
bat.x86_64                                           0.21.0-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
bat-extras.noarch                                    2022.07.27-1.fc38                   @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:awood:bat-extras    
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-17.fc38                      @fedora                                             
bcache-tools.x86_64                                  1.1-4.fc38                          @fedora                                             
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.18.14-1.fc38                   @updates                                            
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.14-1.fc38                   @updates                                            
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.18.14-1.fc38                   @updates                                            
binutils.x86_64                                      2.39-9.fc38                         @fedora                                             
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.39-9.fc38                         @fedora                                             
bison.x86_64                                         3.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
bleachbit.noarch                                     4.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
blender.x86_64                                       1:3.5.0-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.7.1-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                            2.4.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
blosc.x86_64                                         1.21.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
bluez.x86_64                                         5.66-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.66-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.66-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.66-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.5-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-python3.x86_64                                 1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.78.0-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
bottom.x86_64                                        0.6.8-2.fc38                        @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:bottom         
braille-printer-app.x86_64                           1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-3.fc38          @fedora                                             
brave-browser.x86_64                                 1.50.125-1                          @brave-browser                                      
brave-keyring.noarch                                 1.10-1                              @brave-browser                                      
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.4-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
brltty.x86_64                                        6.5-10.fc38                         @fedora                                             
brotli.x86_64                                        1.0.9-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                   6.2.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.7.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-13.fc38                       @fedora                                             
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-13.fc38                       @fedora                                             
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-13.fc38                       @fedora                                             
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.19.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60-2.fc38                    @fedora                                             
caca-utils.x86_64                                    0.99-0.65.beta20.fc38               @fedora                                             
caffeine.noarch                                      2.3.5-14.fc36                       @System                                             
cairo.x86_64                                         1.17.8-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.17.8-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.17.8-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.4-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
capstone.x86_64                                      4.0.2-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cargo.x86_64                                         1.69.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
catatonit.x86_64                                     0.1.7-14.fc38                       @fedora                                             
catimg.x86_64                                        2.7.0-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-41.fc38                        @fedora                                             
cfitsio.x86_64                                       4.2.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
cheese.x86_64                                        2:44.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:44.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.22-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
chrony.x86_64                                        4.3-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                               7.0-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
clang-libs.x86_64                                    16.0.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                     16.0.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
clang15-libs.x86_64                                  15.0.7-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
clang15-resource-filesystem.x86_64                   15.0.7-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:43-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:43-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-45.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc38 @fedora                                             
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-45.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc38 @fedora                                             
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-10.fc38                      @fedora                                             
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-15.fc38                      @fedora                                             
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cmake.x86_64                                         3.26.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.26.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.26.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.26.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
code.x86_64                                          1.77.3-1681292829.el7               @code                                               
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-30.fc38                           @fedora                                             
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda                                           
colord-gtk.x86_64                                    0.3.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                   0.3.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.6-2.fc37                        @anaconda                                           
compat-ffmpeg4.x86_64                                4.4.4-1.fc38                        @rpmfusion-free                                     
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                               5.1.5-22.fc38                       @fedora                                             
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   16.0.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
compsize.x86_64                                      1.5-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.7-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.209.0-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
containers-common.noarch                             4:1-89.fc38                         @updates                                            
containers-common-extra.noarch                       4:1-89.fc38                         @updates                                            
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
coreutils.x86_64                                     9.1-11.fc38                         @fedora                                             
coreutils-common.x86_64                              9.1-11.fc38                         @fedora                                             
cpio.x86_64                                          2.13-14.fc38                        @fedora                                             
cpp.x86_64                                           13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.7-31.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.7-31.fc38                       @fedora                                             
criu.x86_64                                          3.17.1-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.17.1-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cronie.x86_64                                        1.6.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.6.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-29.20190603git.fc38            @fedora                                             
crun.x86_64                                          1.8.4-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
crypto-policies.noarch                               20230301-1.gita12f7b2.fc38          @fedora                                             
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20230301-1.gita12f7b2.fc38          @fedora                                             
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.6.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.6.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ctags.x86_64                                         6.0.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.4.2-11.fc38                     @fedora                                             
cups-browsed.x86_64                                  1:2.0~b4-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.4.2-11.fc38                     @fedora                                             
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.2-11.fc38                     @fedora                                             
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1:2.0~b3-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.4.2-11.fc38                     @fedora                                             
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.4.2-11.fc38                     @fedora                                             
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.7-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
curl.x86_64                                          7.87.0-8.fc38                       @updates                                            
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      76.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.28-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.28-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.28-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.28-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   76.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.14.6-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   33-1.fc38                           @fedora                                             
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.112-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.14.6-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.14.6-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.14.6-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
dcmtk.x86_64                                         3.6.7-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
deltarpm.x86_64                                      3.6.3-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                     38.0.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
device-mapper.x86_64                                 1.02.189-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           1.02.189-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      1.02.189-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            1.02.189-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.9.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.9.0-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.3-7.P1.fc38                  @fedora                                             
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-7.P1.fc38                  @fedora                                             
diff-so-fancy.noarch                                 1.4.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.9-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
displaylink.x86_64                                   1.7.2-1                             @System                                             
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.87-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                3.5.28-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
dkms.noarch                                          3.0.10-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
dleyna.x86_64                                        0.8.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                               0.8.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.4-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dmraid.x86_64                                        1.0.0.rc16-55.fc38                  @fedora                                             
dmraid-events.x86_64                                 1.0.0.rc16-55.fc38                  @fedora                                             
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.0.rc16-55.fc38                  @fedora                                             
dnf.noarch                                           4.14.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.14.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.4.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.89-2.fc38                         @updates                                            
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.3-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-6.fc38                          @fedora                                             
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-31.fc38                         @fedora                                             
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dracut.x86_64                                        059-3.fc38                          @updates                                            
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          059-3.fc38                          @updates                                            
dracut-live.x86_64                                   059-3.fc38                          @updates                                            
dracut-network.x86_64                                059-3.fc38                          @updates                                            
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 059-3.fc38                          @updates                                            
duktape.x86_64                                       2.7.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
dwz.x86_64                                           0.15-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.46.5-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                             0.12.6-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20230301gitf80f052277c8-3.fc38      @updates                                            
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-7.fc38                            @fedora                                             
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               5-7.fc38                            @fedora                                             
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    18-3.fc38                           @fedora                                             
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   38-7.fc38                           @fedora                                             
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.189-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.189-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.189-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.189-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.189-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.189-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:28.2-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
embree.x86_64                                        4.0.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
embree3.x86_64                                       3.13.5-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.3.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
entr.x86_64                                          5.3-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
eog.x86_64                                           44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
epiphany-runtime.x86_64                              1:44.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.51.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:6.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
evdi.x86_64                                          1.12.0-1                            @rpmsphere                                          
evdi-dkms.noarch                                     1.12.0-1                            @rpmsphere-noarch                                   
evince.x86_64                                        44.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
evince-djvu.x86_64                                   44.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
evince-libs.x86_64                                   44.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
evince-previewer.x86_64                              44.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            44.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.48.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.48.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
exa.x86_64                                           0.10.1-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.2.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.6-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.6-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
expat.x86_64                                         2.5.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
f38-backgrounds-base.noarch                          38.1.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
f38-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                         38.1.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
faad2-libs.x86_64                                    1:2.10.1-1.fc38                     @rpmfusion-free                                     
fd-find.x86_64                                       8.7.0-2.fc38                        @updates                                            
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-26.fc38                          @fedora                                             
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                        2.0-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
fedora-chromium-config-gnome.noarch                  2.0-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-5.fc38                            @fedora                                             
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               38-1                                @fedora                                             
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                            38.1.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fedora-release-common.noarch                         38-34                               @fedora                                             
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch           38-34                               @fedora                                             
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                    38-34                               @fedora                                             
fedora-repos.noarch                                  38-1                                @fedora                                             
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                          38-1                                @fedora                                             
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                1.6-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
fedora-workstation-repositories.x86_64               38-2.fc38                           @fedora                                             
ffmpeg.x86_64                                        6.0-6.fc38                          @rpmfusion-free                                     
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                                   6.0-6.fc38                          @rpmfusion-free                                     
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.10-3.fc37                       @fedora                                             
file.x86_64                                          5.44-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.44-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.18-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.9.0-3.fc38                      @fedora                                             
firefox.x86_64                                       112.0.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
firefox-langpacks.x86_64                             112.0.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
firewalld.noarch                                     1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.3.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.15.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.15.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.15.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                            3.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64                   3.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
fmt.x86_64                                           9.1.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
folks.x86_64                                         1:0.15.6-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.14.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.14.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-11.fc38                     @fedora                                             
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-11.fc38                     @fedora                                             
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.3.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.3-7.fc38                          @fedora                                             
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.2-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.2-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.10.0-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
freetype.x86_64                                      2.13.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.13.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
freexl.x86_64                                        1.0.6-21.fc38                       @fedora                                             
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                2.2.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.12-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.12-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fros.noarch                                          1.1-31.fc38                         @fedora                                             
fros-gnome.noarch                                    1.1-31.fc38                         @fedora                                             
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.14.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.10-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.14.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.14.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.8.14-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                     1.4-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.8.14-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                    1.8.14-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                1.8.14-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
fzf.x86_64                                           0.39.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gamemode.x86_64                                      1.7-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-22.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gawk.x86_64                                          5.1.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.1.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gc.x86_64                                            8.2.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gcc.x86_64                                           13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gcr.x86_64                                           3.92.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gcr-libs.x86_64                                      3.92.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gcr3.x86_64                                          3.41.1-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gcr3-base.x86_64                                     3.41.1-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.3-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gdal-libs.x86_64                                     3.6.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gdb.x86_64                                           13.1-3.fc38                         @updates                                            
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  13.1-3.fc38                         @updates                                            
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.23-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gdcm.x86_64                                          3.0.21-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.9-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.10-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.10-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                              2.40.2-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gdm.x86_64                                           1:43.0-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.44-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-51.fc38                      @fedora                                             
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
geocode-glib-data.x86_64                             3.26.4-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
geocode-glib2.x86_64                                 3.26.4-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-8.fc38                     @fedora                                             
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-8.fc38                     @fedora                                             
geos.x86_64                                          3.11.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gettext.x86_64                                       0.21.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gettext-envsubst.x86_64                              0.21.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.21.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gettext-runtime.x86_64                               0.21.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.6.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ghostscript.x86_64                                   10.01.0-3.fc38                      @updates                                            
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       10.01.0-3.fc38                      @updates                                            
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    10.01.0-3.fc38                      @updates                                            
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.1-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
git.x86_64                                           2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
git-core.x86_64                                      2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gjs.x86_64                                           1.76.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.76.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
glib2.x86_64                                         2.76.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.76.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
glibc.x86_64                                         2.37-4.fc38                         @updates                                            
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.37-4.fc38                         @updates                                            
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.37-4.fc38                         @updates                                            
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.37-4.fc38                         @updates                                            
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.37-4.fc38                         @updates                                            
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                             2.37-4.fc38                         @updates                                            
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.37-4.fc38                         @updates                                            
glibmm2.4.x86_64                                     2.66.5-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
glibmm2.68.x86_64                                    2.76.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
glusterfs.x86_64                                     11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.5.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gmic-libs.x86_64                                     3.1.6-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.1-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                              6-2.fc38                            @fedora                                             
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.4.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:42.5-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:42.5-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   44.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-browser-connector.x86_64                       42.1-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                44.0-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-characters.x86_64                              44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                  44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gnome-connections.x86_64                             44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-extensions-app.x86_64                          44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           44.0-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 42.1-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             42.1-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    43.0-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.48.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  43.0-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
gnome-session.x86_64                                 44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         44~beta-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-software.x86_64                                44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.48.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.48.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gnome-text-editor.x86_64                             44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-16.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  42~beta-5.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
gnome-user-share.x86_64                              43.0-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gnome-vfs2.x86_64                                    2.24.4-40.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gnome-vfs2-common.noarch                             2.24.4-40.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.5.0-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.4.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.4.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.8.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.8.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.8.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.2.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.76.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
golang.x86_64                                        1.20.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.20.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
golang-src.noarch                                    1.20.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.21.20130920.fc38            @fedora                                             
google-chrome-stable.x86_64                          112.0.5615.165-1                    @google-chrome                                      
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.15.20130214.fc38          @fedora                                             
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-14.fc38                    @fedora                                             
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20220916-3.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20230201-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
gperftools-libs.x86_64                               2.9.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.17.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.17.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-42.fc38                      @fedora                                             
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
graphviz.x86_64                                      7.1.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                            
grep.x86_64                                          3.8-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.4-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-95.fc38                      @updates                                            
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-69.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.22-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.3-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gspell.x86_64                                        1.12.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.6.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.9.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gst-editing-services.x86_64                          1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.x86_64                       1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-freeworld.x86_64              1:1.22.1-1.fc38                     @rpmfusion-free                                     
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                    1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly.x86_64                       1:1.22.1-1.fc38                     @rpmfusion-free                                     
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.22.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
gtk-murrine-engine.x86_64                            0.98.2-26.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.37-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-13.fc38                     @fedora                                             
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.37-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.10.3-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
gtkd.x86_64                                          3.10.0-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gtkmm3.0.x86_64                                      3.24.7-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                5.8.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gts.x86_64                                           0.7.6-44.20121130.fc38              @fedora                                             
guile22.x86_64                                       2.2.7-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.6.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.14.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.12.0-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     1.6.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.50.4-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gvncpulse.x86_64                                     1.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
gzip.x86_64                                          1.12-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      7.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                7.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  7.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
harmonoid.x86_64                                     0.3.6-1                             @System                                             
hdf-libs.x86_64                                      4.2.15-12.fc38                      @fedora                                             
hdf5.x86_64                                          1.12.1-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                 540.1.linux3-28.fc38                @fedora                                             
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-15.fc38                        @fedora                                             
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-16.fc38                        @fedora                                             
highway.x86_64                                       1.0.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
hplip.x86_64                                         3.22.10-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.22.10-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.22.10-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.9.4-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-3.fc38                   @fedora                                             
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-3.fc38                   @fedora                                             
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-3.fc38                   @fedora                                             
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
hwdata.noarch                                        0.369-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @fedora                                             
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @fedora                                             
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @fedora                                             
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @fedora                                             
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.40.20220731git.fc38             @fedora                                             
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-19.fc38                       @fedora                                             
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-19.fc38                       @fedora                                             
hyprland.x86_64                                      0.24.1-1.fc38                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:carlwgeorge:hyprland
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.28-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.14-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.14-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.28-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.28-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-gtk4.x86_64                                     1.5.28-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.4-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.15.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.28-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.19-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.28-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.22.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.4-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
ilbc.x86_64                                          3.0.4-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.4-7.fc38                          @fedora                                             
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
imlib2.x86_64                                        1.7.4-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
inih.x86_64                                          56-3.fc38                           @fedora                                             
iniparser.x86_64                                     4.1-11.fc38                         @fedora                                             
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.18-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.18-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.18-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
intel-gmmlib.x86_64                                  22.3.5-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
intel-media-driver.x86_64                            23.1.6-1.fc38                       @rpmfusion-nonfree                                  
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                                23.2.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ipp-usb.x86_64                                       0.9.23-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
iproute.x86_64                                       6.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ipset.x86_64                                         7.17-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.17-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.9-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.9-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.7-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
iputils.x86_64                                       20221126-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20220210-3.git64113751.fc38         @fedora                                             
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.4-10.git2a8f9d8.fc38          @fedora                                             
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.4-10.git2a8f9d8.fc38          @fedora                                             
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.13.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-19.fc38                     @fedora                                             
iw.x86_64                                            5.9-6.fc38                          @fedora                                             
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-149.fc38                  @updates                                            
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-149.fc38                @updates                                            
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-149.fc38               @updates                                            
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-149.fc38                  @updates                                            
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-149.fc38                @updates                                            
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-149.fc38                  @updates                                            
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-149.fc38                  @updates                                            
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-149.fc38               @updates                                            
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                             20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
jansson.x86_64                                       2.13.1-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   3.0.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.6.0.10-1.fc38                @fedora                                             
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.1.0-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
javascriptcoregtk4.1.x86_64                          2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
javascriptcoregtk6.0.x86_64                          2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.19-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-25.fc38                         @fedora                                             
jemalloc.x86_64                                      5.3.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-38.fc38                       @fedora                                             
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-15.fc38                         @fedora                                             
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
json-c.x86_64                                        0.16-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.6.6-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
jsoncpp.x86_64                                       1.9.5-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.222-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                             1:0.7.0-6.fc38                      @fedora                                             
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-40.fc38                         @fedora                                             
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-40.fc38                         @fedora                                             
kbd.x86_64                                           2.5.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.5.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.5.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-8.20220714git7ca2d3e.fc38       @fedora                                             
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.11-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.12-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel.x86_64                                        6.2.13-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.11-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.12-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-core.x86_64                                   6.2.13-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.2.11-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.2.12-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  6.2.13-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                          6.2.13-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-headers.x86_64                                6.2.6-300.fc38                      @fedora                                             
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.11-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.12-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules.x86_64                                6.2.13-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.11-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.12-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           6.2.13-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.11-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.12-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          6.2.13-300.fc38                     @updates                                            
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-16.fc38                         @fedora                                             
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.26-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                         5.0-39.fc38                         @fedora                                             
kmod.x86_64                                          30-4.fc38                           @fedora                                             
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     30-4.fc38                           @fedora                                             
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.9.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.20.1-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ladspa.x86_64                                        1.13-30.fc38                        @fedora                                             
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-14.fc38                       @fedora                                             
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-32.fc38                         @updates                                            
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-32.fc38                         @updates                                            
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-32.fc38                         @updates                                            
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.61-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lasi.x86_64                                          1.1.3-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lazygit.x86_64                                       0.37.0-1.fc38                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:lazygit        
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.15-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
ldc-libs.x86_64                                      1:1.32.1-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
lensfun.x86_64                                       0.3.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.83.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
less.x86_64                                          608-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-10.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libIDL.x86_64                                        0.8.14-73.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libX11.x86_64                                        1.8.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.8.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.8.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.1-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXfixes.x86_64                                     6.0.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-14.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXi.x86_64                                         1.8-4.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.15-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXpresent.x86_64                                   1.0.0-18.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-18.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.13-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.5-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-45.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libadwaita.x86_64                                    1.3.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libaec.x86_64                                        1.0.6-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-15.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-24.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libaom.x86_64                                        3.6.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.8.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.6.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libargon2.x86_64                                     20190702-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libass.x86_64                                        0.17.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.5-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-24.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-24.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libatomic.x86_64                                     13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libavdevice.x86_64                                   6.0-6.fc38                          @rpmfusion-free                                     
libavif.x86_64                                       0.11.1-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libb2.x86_64                                         0.98.1-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-53.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libblkio.x86_64                                      1.2.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                             2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.3.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libbonobo.x86_64                                     2.32.1-24.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.1.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libbs2b.x86_64                                       3.1.0-30.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libbsd.x86_64                                        0.11.7-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.7-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libcaca.x86_64                                       0.99-0.65.beta20.fc38               @fedora                                             
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.8.1-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-31.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-31.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-31.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-6.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.3-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.3-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.7.0-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-8.fc38                   @fedora                                             
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libchromaprint.x86_64                                1.5.1-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcloudproviders.x86_64                             0.3.1-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.2-20.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-53.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.46.5-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.18-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libcue.x86_64                                        2.2.1-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libcupsfilters.x86_64                                1:2.0~b4-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               7.87.0-8.fc38                       @updates                                            
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-25.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libdav1d.x86_64                                      1.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.44.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-55.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.6-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libdca.x86_64                                        0.0.7-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libde265.x86_64                                      1.0.11-2.fc38                       @rpmfusion-free                                     
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.1.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-53.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libdispatch.x86_64                                   1:5.7.3-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libdisplay-info.x86_64                               0.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.70.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.114-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.114-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.3-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libe-book.x86_64                                     0.1.3-30.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.4.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-45.20221030cvs.fc38             @fedora                                             
libeot.x86_64                                        0.01-28.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.10-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20230404-149.fc38                 @updates                                            
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.10-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-7.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.13.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.24-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.6-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.6.1-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.12.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.5-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libfreeaptx.x86_64                                   0.1.1-4.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free                                     
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-20.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libfsverity.x86_64                                   1.4-9.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libftdi.x86_64                                       1.5-7.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.5-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libgcc.x86_64                                        13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-28.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libgeotiff.x86_64                                    1.7.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.14.0-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libgfapi0.x86_64                                     11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libgfortran.x86_64                                   13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                     11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                     11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libgit2_1.5.x86_64                                   1.5.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                 11.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.6.0-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libgnome.x86_64                                      2.32.1-27.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.28.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libgomp.x86_64                                       13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.47-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.30-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libgrss.x86_64                                       0.7.0-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libgs.x86_64                                         10.01.0-3.fc38                      @updates                                            
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.50-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libgta.x86_64                                        1.2.1-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.41.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libgudev.x86_64                                      237-4.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.4.5-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libgweather4.x86_64                                  4.2.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.8.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-27.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libharu.x86_64                                       2.4.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libheif.x86_64                                       1.15.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libheif-freeworld.x86_64                             1.15.1-5.fc38                       @rpmfusion-free-updates                             
libibverbs.x86_64                                    44.0-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.16-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.16-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libicu.x86_64                                        72.1-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  72.1-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-40.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-17.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libimagequant.x86_64                                 2.17.0-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-53.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libinput.x86_64                                      1.23.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
libinput-devel.x86_64                                1.23.0-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.5-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-13.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.19.0-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.1.13-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.1.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libjxl.x86_64                                        1:0.7.0-6.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.4.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.4.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libkml.x86_64                                        1.3.0-43.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libksba.x86_64                                       1.6.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.4-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.4-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-12.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libldb.x86_64                                        2.7.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
liblerc.x86_64                                       4.0.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.25.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                 2.11.0-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                           2.11.0-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
liblqr-1.x86_64                                      0.4.2-21.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmanette.x86_64                                    0.2.6-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.7.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.28.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.28.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libmd.x86_64                                         1.0.4-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.6-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-30.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-17.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libmodplug.x86_64                                    1:0.8.9.0-16.fc38                   @fedora                                             
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.14.0-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmount.x86_64                                      2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-26.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.9.alpha.fc38               @fedora                                             
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-27.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.19-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.21-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libmysofa.x86_64                                     1.2.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libnet.x86_64                                        1.2-7.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.8-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-23.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libnfs.x86_64                                        4.0.0-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.6.3-0.fc38                      @updates                                            
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.52.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.21-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.7.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.7.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libnma.x86_64                                        1.10.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                   1.10.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.8.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.4-2.fc38                          @updates                                            
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.5-5.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libomp.x86_64                                        16.0.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  16.0.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libopenmpt.x86_64                                    0.6.9-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.17.2-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.10.0-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-20.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpaper.x86_64                                      1:2.0.8-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                   2.0.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-53.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.4-1.fc38                    @updates                                            
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                            0.16-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.36.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.36.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libphodav.x86_64                                     3.0-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libphonenumber.x86_64                                8.12.57-6.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.8.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.7-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.8.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libplacebo.x86_64                                    5.264.1-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.12.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpmemobj.x86_64                                    1.12.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-14.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.37-14.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libportal.x86_64                                     0.6-6.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libportal-gtk3.x86_64                                0.6-6.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libportal-gtk4.x86_64                                0.6-6.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libppd.x86_64                                        1:2.0~b4-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libpq.x86_64                                         15.0-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.18-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libproxy-duktape.x86_64                              0.4.18-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpskc.x86_64                                       2.6.7-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.5-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libqhull_r.x86_64                                    1:7.2.1-12.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.32.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.32.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                               1.8.0-5.fc38                        @updates                                            
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libquadmath.x86_64                                   13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-21.fc38                       @fedora                                             
librados2.x86_64                                     2:17.2.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
libraqm.x86_64                                       0.8.0-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-17.fc38                       @fedora                                             
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:17.2.6-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
librdmacm.x86_64                                     44.0-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-53.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-data.x86_64                              1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                              1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-gtk4.x86_64                              1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-ure-common.x86_64                        1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:7.5.2.2-1.fc38                    @fedora                                             
librepo.x86_64                                       1.15.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport.x86_64                                     2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-fedora.x86_64                              2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64              2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.5-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.56.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
librtmp.x86_64                                       2.4-22.20190330.gitc5f04a5.fc37     @rpmfusion-free                                     
librttopo.x86_64                                     1.1.0-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.2.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.27-7.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.22.10-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libsass.x86_64                                       3.6.4-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsbc.x86_64                                        2.0-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libseat.x86_64                                       0.7.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libseat-devel.x86_64                                 0.7.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.3-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.20.5-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.5-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-27.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2022.2-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.6-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.8-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libsigc++30.x86_64                                   3.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.14-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.7.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  2:4.18.2-0.fc38                     @updates                                            
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsodium.x86_64                                     1.0.18-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.22-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.74.3-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libsoup3.x86_64                                      3.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libspatialite.x86_64                                 5.0.1-20.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.12-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libspnav.x86_64                                      1.0-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libss.x86_64                                         1.46.5-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.4-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.4-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.10.0-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libstdc++.x86_64                                     13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               13.1.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libstemmer.x86_64                                    2.2.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.19.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.8-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libteam.x86_64                                       1.31-7.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libtermkey.x86_64                                    0.22-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.14.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.29-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.29-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-33.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.4.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.2-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.3-1.rc1.fc38                    @updates                                            
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                   1.18.2-16.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libtommath.x86_64                                    1.2.0-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.7-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.7-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.6-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.5.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                0.20.8-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
libudfread.x86_64                                    1.1.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.4-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libunistring.x86_64                                  1.1-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libunistring1.0.x86_64                               1.0-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libunwind.x86_64                                     1.6.2-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
liburing.x86_64                                      2.3-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-51.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libusb1.x86_64                                       1.0.26-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libuser.x86_64                                       0.64-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.44.2-3.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.22.1-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libva.x86_64                                         2.18.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libva-intel-driver.x86_64                            2.4.1-12.20221130gitab755cb.fc38    @rpmfusion-free                                     
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-client.x86_64                                9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64    9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64             9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               4.0.0-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  4.0.0-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               4.0.0-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  9.0.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-18.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.1-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libvmaf.x86_64                                       2.3.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.13-14.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-7.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.13.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libvterm.x86_64                                      0.3-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
libwacom.x86_64                                      2.6.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.6.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libwbclient.x86_64                                   2:4.18.2-0.fc38                     @updates                                            
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.3.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.10.0-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.12-10.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libwnck3.x86_64                                      43.0-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-16.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.14.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.3-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.13-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.7.1-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-11.fc38                      @fedora                                             
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.33-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.33-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.33-7.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libxdo.x86_64                                        1:3.20211022.1-2.fc38               @fedora                                             
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.5.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.5.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.5.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-22.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.10.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.10.4-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.11-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-12.fc38                         @fedora                                             
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.37-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.8.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libzip.x86_64                                        1.9.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-29.fc38                       @fedora                                             
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.5-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
lilv-libs.x86_64                                     0.24.14-4.fc38                      @fedora                                             
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                2.5.1-34.fc38                       @fedora                                             
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     16.0.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
llvm15-libs.x86_64                                   15.0.7-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.30-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.39.20111007git.fc38         @fedora                                             
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.21.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-15.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-15.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.5-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-15.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-14.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-16.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-15.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-15.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-14.fc38                       @fedora                                             
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-7.fc38                          @fedora                                             
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-31.fc38                     @fedora                                             
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-58.fc38                     @fedora                                             
lsd.x86_64                                           0.22.0-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lshw.x86_64                                          B.02.19.2-11.fc38                   @updates                                            
lsof.x86_64                                          4.96.3-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.13.5-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.4-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.4-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
lua-posix.x86_64                                     35.1-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-8.fc38                            @fedora                                             
luajit.x86_64                                        2.1.0-0.27beta3.fc38                @fedora                                             
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                 1.44.2.1-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
lv2.x86_64                                           1.18.8-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
lvm2.x86_64                                          2.03.18-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    2.03.18-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     2.03.18-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-10.fc38                        @fedora                                             
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-29.fc38                       @fedora                                             
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.0-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mactel-boot.x86_64                                   0.9-28.fc38                         @fedora                                             
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.53-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
make.x86_64                                          1:4.4-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
malcontent.x86_64                                    0.11.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
malcontent-control.x86_64                            0.11.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
malcontent-libs.x86_64                               0.11.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                            0.11.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
man-db.x86_64                                        2.11.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
man-pages.noarch                                     6.04-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.3.4-2.fc38                        @updates                                            
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.4-2.fc38                        @updates                                            
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:175-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-4.fc38                          @fedora                                             
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.2.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mediawriter.x86_64                                   5.0.6-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.5-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mercurial.x86_64                                     6.3.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                             23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.1-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-libgbm-devel.x86_64                             23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-va-drivers.x86_64                               23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           23.0.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
meson.noarch                                         1.0.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 2:2.1-54.fc38                       @fedora                                             
minizip-compat.x86_64                                1.2.13-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
minizip-ng.x86_64                                    3.0.7-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mjpegtools-libs.x86_64                               2.2.1-3.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free                                     
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.2-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.16-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20221107-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                     0.6-28.fc38                         @fedora                                             
mod_http2.x86_64                                     2.0.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.57-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.6.0-6.fc38                      @fedora                                             
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-30.fc38                         @fedora                                             
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                              2.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                              
mozjs102.x86_64                                      102.9.0-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
mpage.x86_64                                         2.5.7-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.1.1-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.31.3-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mpv.x86_64                                           0.35.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mpv-devel.x86_64                                     0.35.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mpv-libs.x86_64                                      0.35.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
msgpack.x86_64                                       3.1.0-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.6-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.43-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.95-5.fc38                       @updates                                            
mutter.x86_64                                        44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.5-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-35.fc38                         @fedora                                             
namebench.noarch                                     1.3.1-17.1                          @rpmsphere-noarch                                   
nano.x86_64                                          7.2-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
nautilus.x86_64                                      44.1-2.fc38                         @updates                                            
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           44.1-2.fc38                         @updates                                            
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @fedora                                             
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @fedora                                             
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.4-3.20230114.fc38                 @fedora                                             
ndctl.x86_64                                         76.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    76.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
neovim.x86_64                                        0.9.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.3-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.65.20160912git.fc38           @fedora                                             
netavark.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.fc38                        @updates                                            
netcdf.x86_64                                        4.9.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
netpbm.x86_64                                        11.02.00-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
nettle.x86_64                                        3.8-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.6.3-0.fc38                      @updates                                            
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.5-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
ninja-build.x86_64                                   1.11.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.30.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     3:7.93-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:18.15.0-6.fc38                    @fedora                                             
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:18.15.0-6.fc38                    @fedora                                             
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:18.15.0-6.fc38                    @fedora                                             
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:18.15.0-6.fc38                    @fedora                                             
nodejs-npm.x86_64                                    1:9.5.0-1.18.15.0.6.fc38            @fedora                                             
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-12.fc38                         @fedora                                             
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nss.x86_64                                           3.89.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nss-mdns.x86_64                                      0.15.1-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.89.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.89.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.89.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.89.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                       2:2022.10.3-2.fc38                  @fedora                                             
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                  2:2022.10.3-2.fc38                  @fedora                                             
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                    1.0-11.fc38                         @fedora                                             
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                     2:2022.10.3-2.fc38                  @fedora                                             
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.16-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-38.20150602git.fc38             @fedora                                             
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.4-2.fc38                          @updates                                            
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             7-3.fc38                            @fedora                                             
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.3.1-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ogdi.x86_64                                          4.1.0-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
oidn-libs.x86_64                                     1.4.3-3.fc37                        @fedora                                             
oneVPL.x86_64                                        2023.1.3-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
oneVPL-intel-gpu.x86_64                              23.1.3-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc38.1  @fedora                                             
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-18.fc38                        @fedora                                             
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.1.5-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.1.5-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
openCOLLADA.x86_64                                   1.6.70-2.fc37                       @fedora                                             
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.23.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.21-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.21-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                             0.3.21-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.21-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-13.fc38                           @fedora                                             
openconnect.x86_64                                   9.01-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
opencore-amr.x86_64                                  0.1.6-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
opencv-core.x86_64                                   4.7.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.6-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
openfec.x86_64                                       1.4.2.6-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
openh264.x86_64                                      2.3.1-2.fc38                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                              
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.5.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
openpgl.x86_64                                       0.4.1-0.2.beta.fc38                 @fedora                                             
openpgm.x86_64                                       5.2.122-31.fc38                     @fedora                                             
opensc.x86_64                                        0.23.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
openshadinglanguage-libs.x86_64                      1.12.10.0-2.fc38                    @fedora                                             
openssh.x86_64                                       9.0p1-15.fc38                       @updates                                            
openssh-clients.x86_64                               9.0p1-15.fc38                       @updates                                            
openssh-server.x86_64                                9.0p1-15.fc38                       @updates                                            
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.0.8-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.0.8-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.8-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.12-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
opensubdiv.x86_64                                    3.5.0-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                  10.0.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
openvpn.x86_64                                       2.6.3-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
openxr-libs.x86_64                                   1.0.27-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.33-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
orca.noarch                                          44~rc-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.81-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20230308-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.10.0-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
osm-gps-map.x86_64                                   1.1.0-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ostree.x86_64                                        2023.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2023.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.24.1-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.24.1-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.24.1-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                     0.5-7.fc38                          @fedora                                             
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
pam.x86_64                                           1.5.2-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
pam-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.2-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
pam_afs_session.x86_64                               2.6-18.fc38                         @fedora                                             
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                  2.0.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pango.x86_64                                         1.50.14-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.50.14-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.3-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
paps.x86_64                                          0.7.9-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
parted.x86_64                                        3.5-11.fc38                         @fedora                                             
partio-libs.x86_64                                   1.14.6-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
passt.x86_64                                         0^20230329.gb10b983-1.fc38          @fedora                                             
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20230329.gb10b983-1.fc38          @fedora                                             
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-14.fc38                        @fedora                                             
passwdqc.x86_64                                      2.0.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                2.0.2-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-11.fc38                         @fedora                                             
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.9.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.9.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pcre.x86_64                                          8.45-1.fc38.3                       @fedora                                             
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.42-1.fc38.1                      @fedora                                             
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc38.1                      @fedora                                             
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.42-1.fc38.1                      @fedora                                             
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc38.1                      @fedora                                             
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.42-1.fc38.1                      @fedora                                             
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.9-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.5.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.9-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl.x86_64                                          4:5.36.1-496.fc38                   @updates                                            
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                           1.2010-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                              3.02-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                              1.68-10.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                       1.02-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                5.74-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.83-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                1.23-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-CPAN.noarch                                     2.34-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                        0.12-27.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                2.150010-490.fc38                   @fedora                                             
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                   2.140-491.fc38                      @fedora                                             
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                           0.018-491.fc38                      @fedora                                             
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.52-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.66-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                           2.28-12.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.204-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                        2.204-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.204-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                        0.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                            0.36-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                               0.06-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                  1.858-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.184-491.fc38                      @fedora                                             
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.113-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Data-Section.noarch                             0.200008-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                             3.68-491.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                               1.32-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                        1.06-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                               0.83-14.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.58-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.04-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                              2.13-38.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                1.05-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                                2.27-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.52-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.19-493.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-26.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                             4:3.19-493.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Env.noarch                                      1.05-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.36-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-11.fc38                   @fedora                                             
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.77-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                        1:0.280236-491.fc38                 @fedora                                             
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                         2:7.70-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                        0.25-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                           1.35-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                         2.22-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.70-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                       2:7.70-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                        1:1.73-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                        1.11-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                         1:3.45-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.15-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.85-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.700-496.fc38                  @updates                                            
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.39-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                             1.12-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                               1.04-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.40-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                             1.006-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-490.fc38                @fedora                                             
perl-File-Which.noarch                               1.27-7.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.12-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-FileCache.noarch                                1.10-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.64-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                            0.96-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-FindBin.noarch                                  1.53-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                                1:1.23-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.082-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                                0.28-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.26-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                             1.02-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.45-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.21-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.50-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.204-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                         2.204-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.41-492.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.081-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                  1:1.14-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-491.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-491.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-10.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Importer.noarch                                 0.026-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:4.16-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.32-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.013.1-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.15-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.37-3.fc38                  @fedora                                             
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                     0.501.300-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2624-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Memoize.noarch                                  1.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Module-Build.noarch                             2:0.42.32-2.fc38                    @fedora                                             
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20230320-1.fc38                 @fedora                                             
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                    1:5.20230320-1.fc38                 @fedora                                             
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                            1:0.08-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000037-490.fc38                   @fedora                                             
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                         0.88-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20221114-2.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.15-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-NEXT.noarch                                     0.69-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-NKF.x86_64                                      1:2.1.4-28.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Net.noarch                                      1.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                 2.75-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.92-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                                1.17-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                          0.009-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.57-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    2.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-27.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.84-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                              1.010-491.fc38                      @fedora                                             
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                   0.10-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                              4:1.75-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                            1.14-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.33-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-491.fc38                    @fedora                                             
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.43-491.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.43-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        5:1.63-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                              1.07-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                               1.26-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.036-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
perl-Software-License.noarch                         0.104002-3.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.26-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.989-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.929-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.24-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-491.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-491.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                            1.403-496.fc38                      @updates                                            
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                            1.17-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                            0.002-39.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                           0.031-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Term-Table.noarch                               0.016-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-16.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Test.noarch                                     1.31-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                             1:3.44-491.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              3:1.302194-1.fc38                   @fedora                                             
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                              1.02-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.06-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                1.45-17.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-20.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2021.0814-490.fc38                  @fedora                                             
perl-Text-Template.noarch                            1.61-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Thread.noarch                                   3.05-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                         2.13-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-496.fc38                        @updates                                            
perl-Tie-File.noarch                                 1.06-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                              1.1-496.fc38                        @updates                                            
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.40-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Time.noarch                                     1.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9770-490.fc38                   @fedora                                             
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-490.fc38                    @fedora                                             
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                               1.3401-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.17-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.31-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-15.fc38                    @fedora                                             
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.31-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.78-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-User-pwent.noarch                               1.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.36-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-autouse.noarch                                  1.11-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-bignum.noarch                                   0.66-6.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-blib.noarch                                     1.07-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-491.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-debugger.noarch                                 1.60-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-devel.x86_64                                    4:5.36.1-496.fc38                   @updates                                            
perl-diagnostics.noarch                              1.39-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-doc.noarch                                      5.36.1-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-493.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                        0.13-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-experimental.noarch                             0.031-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
perl-fields.noarch                                   2.27-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-filetest.noarch                                 1.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-496.fc38                   @updates                                            
perl-inc-latest.noarch                               2:0.500-24.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.36.1-496.fc38                   @updates                                            
perl-less.noarch                                     0.03-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                4:5.36.1-496.fc38                   @updates                                            
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.36.1-496.fc38                   @updates                                            
perl-local-lib.noarch                                2.000029-4.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-macros.noarch                                   4:5.36.1-496.fc38                   @updates                                            
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.36.1-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.26-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-open.noarch                                     1.13-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.35-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                  5.20210520-490.fc38                 @fedora                                             
perl-ph.x86_64                                       5.36.1-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.10-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-sort.noarch                                     2.05-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-48.fc38                           @fedora                                             
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.04-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.27-490.fc38                     @fedora                                             
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.64-490.fc38                       @fedora                                             
perl-utils.noarch                                    5.36.1-496.fc38                     @updates                                            
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
perl-version.x86_64                                  8:0.99.29-491.fc38                  @fedora                                             
perl-vmsish.noarch                                   1.04-496.fc38                       @updates                                            
pigz.x86_64                                          2.7-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.2.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.2.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.13-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.70-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 0.3.70-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
pipewire-codec-aptx.x86_64                           0.3.69-1.fc38                       @rpmfusion-free                                     
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            0.3.70-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            0.3.70-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.70-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           0.3.70-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                0.3.70-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
pixman.x86_64                                        0.42.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.42.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                 1.29.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.8.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.8.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.8.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
plocate.x86_64                                       1.1.17-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
plymouth.x86_64                                      22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        22.02.122-4.fc38                    @fedora                                             
podman.x86_64                                        5:4.5.0-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                5:4.5.0-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
polkit.x86_64                                        122-3.fc38.1                        @updates                                            
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   122-3.fc38.1                        @updates                                            
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-23.fc38                         @fedora                                             
poppler.x86_64                                       23.02.0-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   23.02.0-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  23.02.0-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 23.02.0-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
popt.x86_64                                          1.19-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
portmidi.x86_64                                      217-51.fc38                         @fedora                                             
potrace.x86_64                                       1.16-9.fc38                         @fedora                                             
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.12-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
powerline-fonts.noarch                               2.8.3-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.9-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-16.fc38                      @fedora                                             
preload.x86_64                                       0.6.4-19.fc31                       @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:elxreno:preload     
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.17-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
procs.x86_64                                         0.12.3-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
proj.x86_64                                          9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data.noarch                                     9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-at.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-au.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-be.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-br.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-ca.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-ch.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-de.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-dk.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-es.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-eur.noarch                                 9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-fi.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-fo.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-fr.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-is.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-jp.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-mx.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-nc.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-nl.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-no.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-nz.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-pl.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-pt.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-se.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-sk.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-uk.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-us.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
proj-data-za.noarch                                  9.1.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.19.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.4.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.19.6-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-15.fc38                       @fedora                                             
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.6-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
ptex-libs.x86_64                                     2.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20230318-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
pugixml.x86_64                                       1.13-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               16.1-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         16.1-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              16.1-4.fc38                         @fedora                                             
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.7.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
pystring.x86_64                                      1.1.3-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              22.3.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                       65.5.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.11-10.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                            235-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.11.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
python2.7.x86_64                                     2.7.18-30.fc38                      @fedora                                             
python3.x86_64                                       3.11.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.16.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.1-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.2-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.7.1-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.28-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.4-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.0.9-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.7-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.23.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-certifi.noarch                               2022.09.24-2.fc38                   @fedora                                             
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.15.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-chardet.noarch                               5.1.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.1.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.1-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-5.fc38                      @fedora                                             
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.3.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.11.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
python3-distro.noarch                                1.8.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.14.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.4.0-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                1.0.7-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.44-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-firewall.noarch                              1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.44.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.44.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.44.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.17.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.70.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.4-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.47-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.61-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.18-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.70.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.17.9-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.11.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.5-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.25.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.9.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.51-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-mutagen.noarch                               1.46.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.5-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.24.3-1.fc38                     @updates                                            
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-19.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-14.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-pillow.x86_64                                9.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-pip.noarch                                   22.3.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-18.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.5-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.35-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.5-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-9.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                         3.17.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.45.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             3.0.9-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.12.0-8.fc38                     @fedora                                             
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-7.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                6.0-6.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-regex.x86_64                                 2022.10.31-2.fc38                   @fedora                                             
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-27.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.18.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-satyr.x86_64                                 0.42-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.4.2-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
python3-setuptools.noarch                            65.5.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                           1.0.4-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.3.2.post1-8.fc38                  @fedora                                             
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.11.4-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-systemd.x86_64                               235-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.11.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.17.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.12-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
python3-websockets.x86_64                            10.4-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                               2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-audio-dbus.x86_64                               2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                               2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                 2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                              2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-blkio.x86_64                              2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                               2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                            2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                              2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                               2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-common.x86_64                                   2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                       2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64            2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-ccw.x86_64            2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64             2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64            2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64         2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64             2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                          2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                      2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                     2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-img.x86_64                                      2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                               2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                          2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                          2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                   2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                   2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                             2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                            2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static.x86_64                              2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-aarch64.x86_64                      2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-alpha.x86_64                        2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-arm.x86_64                          2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-cris.x86_64                         2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-hexagon.x86_64                      2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-hppa.x86_64                         2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-loongarch64.x86_64                  2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-m68k.x86_64                         2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-microblaze.x86_64                   2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-mips.x86_64                         2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-nios2.x86_64                        2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-or1k.x86_64                         2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-ppc.x86_64                          2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-riscv.x86_64                        2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-s390x.x86_64                        2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-sh4.x86_64                          2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-sparc.x86_64                        2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-x86.x86_64                          2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-user-static-xtensa.x86_64                       2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                2:7.2.1-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                            0.9.0-13.fc38                       @updates                                            
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                            0.9.0-13.fc38                       @updates                                            
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     11.3.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 4.1.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
qt-settings.noarch                                   38.2-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.9-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
qt6-qt5compat.x86_64                                 6.4.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                    6.4.3-2.fc38                        @updates                                            
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.4.3-2.fc38                        @updates                                            
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                6.4.3-2.fc38                        @updates                                            
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             6.4.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
qt6-qtimageformats.x86_64                            6.4.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
qt6-qtshadertools.x86_64                             6.4.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                     6.4.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                 6.4.3-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.09-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rambox.x86_64                                        2.1.2-1                             @System                                             
ranger.noarch                                        1.9.3-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-37.fc38                      @fedora                                             
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-22.fc38                      @fedora                                             
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.1-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
re2.x86_64                                           1:20220601-2.fc38                   @fedora                                             
readline.x86_64                                      8.2-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20230404-149.fc38                   @updates                                            
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-23.fc38                      @fedora                                             
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             252-1.fc38                          @fedora                                             
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-33.fc38                      @fedora                                             
remove-retired-packages.noarch                       38.1-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
rest.x86_64                                          0.9.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
rhash.x86_64                                         1.4.3-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ripgrep.x86_64                                       13.0.0-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.4.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
rnnoise.x86_64                                       0-0.7.20210312git7f449bf.fc38       @fedora                                             
roc-toolkit.x86_64                                   0.2.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-33.fc38                         @fedora                                             
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-4.rc2.fc38                    @fedora                                             
rpm.x86_64                                           4.18.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.18.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.18.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.18.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.18.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rpm-sequoia.x86_64                                   1.4.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.18.1-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                        0.3.5-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                 38-1.fc38                           @rpmfusion-free                                     
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        38-1                                @rpmfusion-free                                     
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch              38-1.fc38                           @rpmfusion-nonfree                                  
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                     38-1                                @rpmfusion-nonfree                                  
rpmsphere-release.noarch                             36-1                                @System                                             
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.7-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-58.fc38                        @fedora                                             
rubberband.x86_64                                    3.1.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
ruby.x86_64                                          3.2.2-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
ruby-default-gems.noarch                             3.2.2-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
ruby-devel.x86_64                                    3.2.2-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
ruby-libs.x86_64                                     3.2.2-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                            3.1.3-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
rubygem-bundler.noarch                               2.4.10-180.fc38                     @updates                                            
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                            0.6.0-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
rubygem-json.x86_64                                  2.6.3-202.fc38                      @fedora                                             
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                 5.0.1-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                  6.5.0-180.fc38                      @updates                                            
rubygems.noarch                                      3.4.10-180.fc38                     @updates                                            
rubypick.noarch                                      1.1.1-18.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rust.x86_64                                          1.69.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
rust-libc+default-devel.noarch                       0.2.142-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
rust-libc+std-devel.noarch                           0.2.142-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
rust-libc-devel.noarch                               0.2.142-1.fc38                      @updates                                            
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              24-1.fc38                           @fedora                                             
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.69.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
rust-xkbcommon-devel.noarch                          0.4.0-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
rygel.x86_64                                         0.42.3-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
samba-client.x86_64                                  2:4.18.2-0.fc38                     @updates                                            
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             2:4.18.2-0.fc38                     @updates                                            
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.18.2-0.fc38                     @updates                                            
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             2:4.18.2-0.fc38                     @updates                                            
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.27-7.fc38                      @fedora                                             
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.2.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.2.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.2.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.2.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sassc.x86_64                                         3.6.2-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
satyr.x86_64                                         0.42-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
seahorse.x86_64                                      43.0-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
sed.x86_64                                           4.8-12.fc38                         @fedora                                             
selinux-policy.noarch                                38.12-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       38.12-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
serd.x86_64                                          0.30.16-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
setup.noarch                                         2.14.3-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.3-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20180715git-10.fc38             @fedora                                             
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-32.fc38                    @fedora                                             
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.13-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.13-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.2-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15.6-2                              @anaconda                                           
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.6-2                              @anaconda                                           
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
simple-scan.x86_64                                   44.0-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.3-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.0-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.9-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-18.fc38                       @fedora                                             
sord.x86_64                                          0.16.14-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
sos.noarch                                           4.5.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-19.fc38                         @fedora                                             
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.3.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-16.fc38                       @fedora                                             
soxr.x86_64                                          0.1.3-13.fc38                       @fedora                                             
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.11.4-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.11.4-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-13.fc38                       @fedora                                             
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.1-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.42-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.42-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.15.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.22.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
spice-webdavd.x86_64                                 3.0-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2023.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.40.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.5.1-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sratom.x86_64                                        0.6.10-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
srt-libs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-5.fc38                         @fedora                                             
sssd.x86_64                                          2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.8.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-25.fc38                        @fedora                                             
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-3.fc38                     @fedora                                             
stoken-libs.x86_64                                   0.92-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.2-13.fc38                      @fedora                                             
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.2-13.fc38                      @fedora                                             
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.13-1.p2.fc38                    @fedora                                             
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.13-1.p2.fc38                    @fedora                                             
suitesparse.x86_64                                   5.13.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
sushi.x86_64                                         43.0-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                  1.4.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
svt-hevc-libs.x86_64                                 1.5.1-4.fc37                        @rpmfusion-free                                     
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.6-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.8.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.8.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.8.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-8.fc38                          @fedora                                             
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         3.48.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.18-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
systemd.x86_64                                       253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-boot-unsigned.x86_64                         253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-container.x86_64                             253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-devel.x86_64                                 253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-networkd.x86_64                              253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  253.2-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                           4.8-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.34-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.3-16.fc38                      @fedora                                             
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.12-4.fc38                     @fedora                                             
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.4-1.fc38                    @updates                                            
teamd.x86_64                                         1.31-7.fc38                         @fedora                                             
telegram-desktop.x86_64                              4.7.1-2.fc38                        @rpmfusion-free                                     
tesseract.x86_64                                     5.3.0-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   10:20220321-71.fc38                 @updates                                            
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.7.3-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.7.3-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5-3.fc38                          @fedora                                             
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.13.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.13.1-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
tilix.x86_64                                         1.9.5-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
time.x86_64                                          1.9-20.fc38                         @fedora                                             
timeshift.x86_64                                     22.11.2-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
tinyxml.x86_64                                       2.6.2-26.fc38                       @fedora                                             
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-36.fc38                     @fedora                                             
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.12-4.fc38                     @fedora                                             
tmux.x86_64                                          3.3a-3.fc38                         @fedora                                             
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.4-1.fc38                     @fedora                                             
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.5-3.fc38                          @updates                                            
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      4.0.1-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.2-1.fc38                      @fedora                                             
tracker.x86_64                                       3.5.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.5.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
tree.x86_64                                          2.1.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
tree-sitter-cli.x86_64                               0.20.7-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.15-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.15-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
tslib.x86_64                                         1.22-8.fc38                         @fedora                                             
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.4.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
tzdata.noarch                                        2023c-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2023c-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
uchardet.x86_64                                      0.0.8-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.9.4-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.9.4-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                1.17.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.17.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
unibilium.x86_64                                     2.1.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.0.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.11-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
unoconv.noarch                                       0.9.0-11.fc38                       @fedora                                             
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-60.fc38                         @fedora                                             
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.20-3.fc38                      @fedora                                             
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.5.3-2.fc37                        @anaconda                                           
uriparser.x86_64                                     0.9.7-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                       20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-16.fc38                    @fedora                                             
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-8.fc38                     @fedora                                             
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
usbutils.x86_64                                      015-2.fc38                          @fedora                                             
usd-libs.x86_64                                      22.05b-24.fc38                      @fedora                                             
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.13.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.7.0-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
util-linux-user.x86_64                               2.38.1-4.fc38                       @fedora                                             
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                               2.9.0-7.fc38                        @fedora                                             
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                              58-4.fc38                           @fedora                                             
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
vid.stab.x86_64                                      1.1.0-21.20201110gitf9166e9.fc38    @fedora                                             
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.0.1486-1.fc38                   @updates                                            
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:9.0.1486-1.fc38                   @updates                                            
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:9.0.1486-1.fc38                   @updates                                            
virglrenderer.x86_64                                 0.10.4-2.20230104git88b9fe3b.fc38   @fedora                                             
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                    7.0.8-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
vmaf-models.noarch                                   2.3.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                                   0.1.3-18.fc38                       @fedora                                             
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-18.fc38                      @fedora                                             
vpnc.x86_64                                          0.5.3-45.svn550.fc38                @fedora                                             
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20220509-3.gite52f8e66.fc38         @fedora                                             
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.72.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
vte291.x86_64                                        0.72.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.243.0-1.fc38                    @updates                                            
w3m.x86_64                                           0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc38           @fedora                                             
w3m-img.x86_64                                       0.5.3-60.git20230121.fc38           @fedora                                             
warsaw.x86_64                                        2.21.3-1                            @System                                             
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.6.0-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.22.0-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.31-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-19.fc38                           @fedora                                             
webkit2gtk4.1.x86_64                                 2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
webkitgtk6.0.x86_64                                  2.40.1-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                            0.2.4-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-10.fc38                       @fedora                                             
wget.x86_64                                          1.21.3-5.fc38                       @fedora                                             
which.x86_64                                         2.21-39.fc38                        @fedora                                             
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.16-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.16-1.fc38                       @updates                                            
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2022.08.12-2.fc38                   @fedora                                             
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.4.14-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.4.14-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
wlroots.x86_64                                       0.16.2-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-17.fc38                       @fedora                                             
words.noarch                                         3.0-41.fc38                         @fedora                                             
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.14.2-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
x264-libs.x86_64                                     0.164-7.20220602gitbaee400f.fc38    @rpmfusion-free                                     
x265-libs.x86_64                                     3.5-5.fc38                          @rpmfusion-free                                     
xcb-proto.noarch                                     1.14.1-8.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xcb-util-devel.x86_64                                0.4.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xcb-util-image-devel.x86_64                          0.4.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.1-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.10-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xcb-util-renderutil-devel.x86_64                     0.3.10-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xcb-util-wm-devel.x86_64                             0.4.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.3-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.16.0-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      44.1-1.fc38                         @updates                                            
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.14.1-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.18-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.11-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-13.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                      1.3.3-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xen-libs.x86_64                                      4.17.0-9.fc38                       @updates                                            
xen-licenses.x86_64                                  4.17.0-9.fc38                       @updates                                            
xerces-c.x86_64                                      3.2.3-8.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      6.1.0-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xhost.x86_64                                         1.0.9-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xisxwayland.x86_64                                   2-2.fc38                            @fedora                                             
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.6-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.38-1.fc38                         @fedora                                             
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-60.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.08-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.08-2.fc38                      @fedora                                             
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.37-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.37-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.37-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xmodmap.x86_64                                       1.0.11-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                           23.0.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              19.1.0-9.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-13.fc38                      @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-12.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-55.20210115.fc38           @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.3.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.17-5.fc38                     @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                       0.6.400-5.20210215git5dbad06.fc38   @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.6-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.5.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.4.0-1.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.2.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.2.0-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-35.fc38                         @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2022.2-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.14-23.fc38                     @updates                                            
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      22.1.9-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland-devel.x86_64                22.1.9-2.fc38                       @updates                                            
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.14-23.fc38                     @updates                                            
xorg-x11-util-macros.noarch                          1.19.3-6.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1.2-3.fc38                      @fedora                                             
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.0-17.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xprop.x86_64                                         1.2.5-3.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xrandr.x86_64                                        1.5.2-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xrdb.x86_64                                          1.2.1-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xsel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-32.fc38                       @fedora                                             
xvidcore.x86_64                                      1.3.7-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xwininfo.x86_64                                      1.1.5-6.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.1-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xz.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.4.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.4.1-1.fc38                        @fedora                                             
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-20.fc38                       @fedora                                             
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                      0.7.0-3.fc38                        @updates                                            
yelp.x86_64                                          2:42.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:42.2-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      42.1-2.fc38                         @fedora                                             
yt-dlp.noarch                                        2023.03.04-1.fc38                   @fedora                                             
yt-dlp-bash-completion.noarch                        2023.03.04-1.fc38                   @fedora                                             
yt-dlp-zsh-completion.noarch                         2023.03.04-1.fc38                   @fedora                                             
yum.noarch                                           4.14.0-2.fc38                       @fedora                                             
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                   1.3.1-1.fc38                        @updates                                            
zd1211-firmware.noarch                               1.5-13.fc38                         @fedora                                             
zenity.x86_64                                        3.91.0-3.fc38                       @updates                                            
zeromq.x86_64                                        4.3.4-5.fc38                        @fedora                                             
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                      0.7.2.2-24.fc38                     @fedora                                             
zimg.x86_64                                          3.0.4-2.fc38                        @fedora                                             
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-36.fc38                         @fedora                                             
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.13-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.13-3.fc38                       @fedora                                             
zram-generator.x86_64                                1.1.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-4.fc38                        @fedora                                             
zsh.x86_64                                           5.9-5.fc38                          @fedora                                             
zvbi.x86_64                                          0.2.35-19.fc38                      @fedora                                             
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                     1.2.0-9.fc38                        @fedora                                             
